#444 leeway implementation (#445)
jazzband/djangorestframework-simplejwt: docs/settings.rst

this field is excluded from the token backend and is not used during
validation.

``LEEWAY``
----------

> The leeway is used to give some margin to the expiration time which else would
> not validate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Leeway is used to give some margin to the expiration time. This can be an
integer for seconds or a ``datetime.timedelta``. Please reference
https://pyjwt.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage.html#expiration-time-claim-exp
for more information.
```
